Ingredients:
- 1lb/450g waxy potatoes
- 1 large white/Spanish onion (optional)
- About 1 liter of oil - Olive oil is best (ed.note: not need to use so much oil! c'mon!)
- 6 eggs
- pinch salt

Directions:
1. Peel and slice potatoes. The slices should be quite thin.

2. Meanwhile, heat the oil on a low heat in a large sauté pan

3. Add the potatoes to the sauté pan, and fry until soft and cooked through, but not browned. 
   This can take quite a while - don't rush it. It is a good idea to keep the pan covered 
   - that way the steam from the potatoes at the bottom of the pan helps cook the ones at the top.

4. Slice the onion thinly. Fry it lightly in frying pan, stirring frequently for a few minutes 
   or until sweet. Or you can simply add them to the potatoes for the last five minutes of cooking.

5. Beat the eggs in a large bowl and add salt

6. Add the hot cooked potatoes and onion to the egg in the bowl, gently mix the potatoes and onion
   into them egg and leave it for five minutes. This starts the egg cooking and helps cover 
   the potato slices in egg so it all sticks together nicely.

7. Drain oil, and reserve oil for another time.

8. Pour the potatoes, onion and egg mix back into the pan, and cook for about 5 minutes 
   on a low heat. Keep the pan moving so the mix doesn't stick to the pan. 
   A non-stick pan makes this much easier.

9. When the edge of the tortilla looks cooked place a large, flat plate over the pan (like a lid),
   put one hand on the plate to hold it in place and turn the whole thing over (the first few times
    you do this it is best do this over the sink - can be very messy)

10. You should now have an up-side-down omelette on your plate - cooked on top - raw underneath.
    Check the pan is clean and scrape any bits that have stuck in the pan off and add a bit of oil 
    if it is looking dry. Now slide the omelette back into the pan to cook the bottom.

11. Cook for another few minutes,

12. Repeat the turning trick a couple of times (practice makes perfect) to make sure 
    it is cooked evenly. (ed.note: unless you prefer it a bit raw on the inside, as I do)

13. Then serve onto large plate, cut into wedges, and serve with more tapas. 
    Sliced tomatoes, fresh bread and mayo make it into a great meal.

Source: https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Cookbook:Spanish_Omelet